it had taken Enron 16 years to go from
about 10 billion of assets to 65 billion
of assets and took them 24 days to go
backwards the fatal flaw at Enron was
pride arrogance intolerance we can add a
gazillion dollars to the bottom line all
right that sounds fantastic did you
convert stock worth 66 million dollars I
don't know I met it approximately 100 mm
Enron is a company with deals with
everyone with absolute integrity talking
about my compensation and if I step on
somebody's throat on the way that
doubles it I'll stomp on the guys throat
the other thing about people at Enron is
a lot of them were former nerds you
wanted to be the most popular guy on
Wall Street and you're gonna do whatever
you had to do they sought out every
loophole they could in order to profit
the rules weren't quite clear take a
three debt they could burry losses an
industry that was very reliable for a
hundred years was all of a sudden turned
into a casino those guys could just yank
the California economy on its leash
whenever they wanted to and they did it
and they did it and they did it feels
away from California to the tune of a
million boxer to attend
I predict only energy prices as a result
of the regulation yes could I predict
that Arnold Schwarzenegger a governor is
a result of deregulation I didn't expect
that how exactly does Enron make its
money accounting doesn't get that
created I would like to know if you are
on crack this is the shredded evidence
came out of and everyone was on the
bandwagon and it can happen again
we are the good guys we were on the side
of angels it is evolved to incorporate
crime of the century